Pytest is a great tool that lets you start testing quickly without any boilerplate code.
To install it, pip install pytest like this in your terminal.
Once you have pytest installed, all you have to do,
is create a test file,
and write a function for your unit test.
Then, enter pytest in a directory of your test file.
Each dot next to the name of the test file represents a successful test.
If you made a mistake in your function,
and one of your tests fail,
the dot will be replaced by an F and the error will be shown below.
Notice, your tests won't be stopped by failed assert statements.
It'll continue to run the test after this failed one,
but it will stop if you do have syntax errors.
It's wise to have only one assert statement per test.
Otherwise, you wouldn't know exactly how many tests failed and which tests failed.
Since all you see is what test functions failed.
Another important note, is that you have to start your test files, with test underscore,
and your test functions with test underscore as
well for pytest to recognize and run them.
This is the default.
If you wish to change this,
you can do so by learning about the pytest configuration in the link below.